README.md, before:

# Team Thistle
## Anna Cachadina Abello, Maxim Fishman, Hruthik Ketepalli, Kamil Kuzara, Xinyi Ye

# API's
### JFoenix

`com.jfoenix:jfoenix:9.0.9`

Implements Google Material Design using java components


### Ikonli Material Pack

`org.kordamp.ikonli:ikonli-material-pack:11.3.4`

A collection of Google Material Design icons

### Ikonli JavaFX

`org.kordamp.ikonli:ikonli-javafx:11.3.4`

Transforms Google Material Design icons into graphics for buttons

### Gson

`com.google.code.gson:gson:2.8.6`

Implements JSON file handling

### TestFX

`testCompile(group: "org.testfx", name: "testfx-core", version: "4.0.16-alpha")
 testCompile(group: "org.testfx", name: "testfx-junit", version: "4.0.13-alpha")`

Uses a robot mouse to test the user interface

### JUnit

`testCompile(group: 'junit', name: 'junit', version: '4.12')`

Unit testing library that is mainly used for the back end

### Note:
This project uses the latest version of JavaFX (13), and therefore requires Java 11 or higher to compile.

Commit message:

add installation instruction to README.md

README.md, after:

# Team Thistle
## Anna Cachadina Abello, Maxim Fishman, Hruthik Ketepalli, Kamil Kuzara, Xinyi Ye

# API's
### JFoenix

`com.jfoenix:jfoenix:9.0.9`

Implements Google Material Design using java components


### Ikonli Material Pack

`org.kordamp.ikonli:ikonli-material-pack:11.3.4`

A collection of Google Material Design icons

### Ikonli JavaFX

`org.kordamp.ikonli:ikonli-javafx:11.3.4`

Transforms Google Material Design icons into graphics for buttons

### Gson

`com.google.code.gson:gson:2.8.6`

Implements JSON file handling

### TestFX

`testCompile(group: "org.testfx", name: "testfx-core", version: "4.0.16-alpha")
 testCompile(group: "org.testfx", name: "testfx-junit", version: "4.0.13-alpha")`

Uses a robot mouse to test the user interface

### JUnit

`testCompile(group: 'junit', name: 'junit', version: '4.12')`

Unit testing library that is mainly used for the back end

#Installation
1. Make sure you have the latest version of gradle installed from here: https://gradle.org/install/ and that
it works with the command line

2. Download the zip file of this repository and extract it.

3. In cmd/terminal, navigate inside the root folder (kanban-board-gui-master).

4. Run `gradle run` and the application should show up.

### Note:
This project uses the latest version of JavaFX (13), and therefore requires Java 11 or higher to compile.
